What color is Emerald?
What is the name of the character whose nose grew longer everytime he lied ?
Where are the Great Pyramids of Giza located?
What do bees produce?
What is the biggest planet in our solar system?
What is the closest star to the Earth?
What is the largest continent?
What is the fastest animal in the world?
What do you get if you freeze water?
What is the color of a school bus?
What is the color of the stars in the US flag?
What do pandas eat?
Raisins originated from which fruit?
What is the name of the famous ship that sank in 1912?
Who won the 2022 World Cup?
What is the capital of Spain?
What is the capital of Italy?
What is the power house of the cell?
What is the strongest muscle in the body?
Which animal is the king of the jungle?
What is the floor made of?
What do birds live in?
Which planet has the most moons?
Where is the smallest bone in the human body located?
What is the SI unit of Energy?
What is a whole number called in mathematics?
What country is the leaning Tower of Pisa located?
Who Won the 2021 Champions league?
Who won the 2016 Euro?
What is the hottest planet in the solar system?
What is the capital of Hawaii?
What is the capital of Tunisia?
What country did IKEA originate in?
What is the only country beginning with an O?
A Croatian speaks in what language?
What is the only planet in our solar system that has only one planet?
Who is Barcelona’s all-time top goal scorer?
Who was the Egyptian god of the underworld? Seth, Osiris, Ra, or Horus?
What is the title of Kendrick Lamars fourth studio album?
What language is spoken in Argentina?
What company is also the name of one of the longest rivers in the world?
What is the name of the cowboy in Toy Story?
What animal has three hearts?
What is the hardest natural substance on Earth?
[True or False] Mohamed Salah, Sadio Mane, and Aubameyang shared the Premier golden boot in the 2018/19 Season?
[True or False] In the animation film Finding Nemo, Nemo is a pufferfish?
[True or False] Mount Kilimanjaro the world’s tallest peak?
[True or False] The United Kingdom is almost the same size as France.
[True or False] The mosquito has a record for killing more people than any other species in written history. 
What do cows produce ?